[DM-1977] Update screenshots in Protocol Integration: LWM2M (#828)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/device-details.md

In order to see resources in the **Objects** tab, the resources first must be added in the **Device Protocols** page.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> The following operations may be available in each instance after clicking the "three dots" icon at the end of each object row:

Reviewer: Rather than writing three dots: Can't we simply include the three dots glyph (⋮) in the documentation?

Reviewer: Alternatively, as an image: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92789995/217286999-1e2962f4-cd87-4245-a088-94665636b723.png)

Reviewer 2: We  use the term "menu icon" for this icon throughout the documentation. We can use an image in case of an icon as an add-on, but we still need to name it, otherwise the text is not readable.

Author: Added both text and glyph.

> The following operations may be available in each instance after clicking the "three dots" icon at the end of each object row:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following operations may be available in each instance after clicking themenu icon at the end of each object row:
```

Author: Updated.

In order to see resources in the **Objects** tab, the resources first must be added in the **Device Protocols** page.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

The following operations may be available in each instance after clicking the menu icon ( ⋮ ) at the end of each object row:

- Read Object: Reads all instances for the selected object and lists all available resources for each instance.
- Read Instance: Reads the current instance of the given object and lists all available resources.
- Create Instance: Creates a new instance for the selected object.
- Delete Instance: Deletes the selected instance.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
Some instances do not have all of the listed operations.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> Some object cards show additional operations which can be performed. These operations become available after reading the object/instance. THe possible options are **Write**, **Execute** and **Execute with parameters**. For example, after reading device **Firmware update** in order to perform the operation **Execute** without parameters, find the **Update** section on the object card and click **Execute**. To perform an operation with parameters click **Execute with parameters** and enter a value.

Reviewer 4: THe -> The

Author: Done.

> The following operations may be available in each instance:

Reviewer 3: i think we should add a clue where to find the operations (the "three dots" icon at the end of each object row)

Author: Clue added.

- Read Object: Reads all instances for the selected object and lists all available resources for each instance.
<br><br>

> ![Read Objects](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-devices-readobject.png)

Author: It is not. Removed.

<br><br>
- Read Instance: Reads the current instance of the given object and lists all available resources.
<br><br>

> ![Read Instance](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-devices-readinstance.png)

Author: It is not. Removed.

> Some object cards show additional operations which can be performed. These operations become available after reading the object/instance, for example, device **Update**. In order to perform the operation without parameters, click **Execute**. To perform an operation with parameters click **Execute with parameters** and enter a value.

Reviewer 4: It is not device **Update** but device **Firmware update**. Since the image is removed now example sounds strange. 

The first sentence is good 
Some object cards show additional operations which can be performed. These operations become available after reading the object/instance.

Maybe after this you can list the possible options about "Write", "Execute" and "Execute with parameters"

Author: Changed.

> More information can be acquired for each resource by hovering over the tooltip icon present on the right of the field name.

Reviewer: Again, here you are verbally explaining how a button looks like. You could simply add the glyph or a picture of the icon ![image|width=12px](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92789995/217288070-b2140f58-f1b4-4245-a093-470a812b7eb6.png)

Reviewer 3: > Again, here you are verbally explaining how a button looks like. You could simply add the glyph or a picture of the icon <img alt="" width="18px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92789995/217288070-b2140f58-f1b4-4245-a093-470a812b7eb6.png">

see @BeateRixen 's comment on "menu icon". it's good to have a description in case the image doesn't render for whatever reason.

Author: Added icon and text.

> Additional information on recent operations can be viewed by clicking the operations button located at the right side of an instance card. The button is only visible if any operation has been performed. The number of unread operations can be seen on the top right of the button. In the example below there are two.

Reviewer: Use image 
<img width="56" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92789995/217288819-a92775ce-fcf8-46b0-a3ae-b61ad70a16fa.png"> or glyph

Reviewer 3: > Use image <img alt="image" width="56" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92789995/217288819-a92775ce-fcf8-46b0-a3ae-b61ad70a16fa.png"> or glyph

see @BeateRixen 's comment on "menu icon". it's good to have a description in case the image doesn't render for whatever reason. the image is included in the screenshot below i think

Author: Yes, it is visible in a screenshot below.

![Operations view](/images/device-protocols/lwm2m/lwm2m-devices-operations.png)

To view the history of all operations, click **View history**. Note, that you will be redirected to the **Control** tab.

> If enabled, the agent will periodically look for starved operations of a tenant and fail them automatically.

Reviewer 4: Without the image this description is weird. This is not related to Objects tab, it is actually related to operations shown in the Control tab.
Please move the text to appropriate place maybe as an info in the end of "Shell command lifecycle" section

Author: Changed.

Reviewer 4: I meant to move the paragraph about
If enabled, the agent will periodically look for starved operations of a tenant and fail them automatically. ...
as a note.

You can keep the "To view the history of all operations, click **View history**. Note, that you will be redirected to the **Control** tab." as before

Author: Ok, changed.

Some object cards show additional operations which can be performed. These operations become available after reading the object/instance, for example, device **Update**. In order to perform the operation without parameters, click **Execute**. To perform an operation with parameters click **Execute with parameters** and enter a value.

More information can be acquired for each resource by hovering over the tooltip icon.

> Additional information on recent operations can be viewed by clicking the operations button located at the right side of an instance card. The button is only visible if any operation has been performed. The number of unread operations can be seen on the top right of the button. In the example below there is only one.

Reviewer 3: you deleted "the example below", i think this is referring to the screenshots.
i think the first screenshot below is actually useful - maybe not in full size, but maybe showcasing a single object with the button that is otherwise invisible.

Author: Fixed.

> To view the history of all operations, simply click **View history**. Note, that you will be redirected to the **Control** tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To view the history of all operations, click **View history**. Note, that you will be redirected to the **Control** tab.
```
also, this is referring to a screenshot that is no longer there. a description is required here where the user is in the UI, if it's no longer clear from the screenshots.

Author: Removed the refference and added a small info about tooltip.
